Amber Romero: Hi.
LIsa Anderson: Hi Amber, how are you
Amber Romero: I am I'm okay, how are you
LIsa Anderson: Good. Can you hear me okay
Amber Romero: Yes, so just real quick. I have like 4% on my phone and I am locked out of the house because I left my key in there and I don't have a car charger. So if I all of a sudden disappear. That's why.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, well, we'll just try to get through as much
Then
Amber Romero: call you back. Or we can also like reschedule.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, um,
LIsa Anderson: Um, let me think what would work better. Um, okay. So you said you're where you just walked out of the house.
Amber Romero: Yeah, I'm outside
LIsa Anderson: Okay, you can't be in your house right now.
Amber Romero: Oh, I'm locked out. I left the key inside
LIsa Anderson: Oh, no.
Oh my goodness.
LIsa Anderson: Oh that's frustrating.
Amber Romero: And I've been out here for like three hours.
LIsa Anderson: Oh, no. Oh, gosh. Well, I guess, at least you have your phone do you need to call someone to try to
Amber Romero: Know it's just going dead.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, oh well has today been kind of a tricky day
Amber Romero: Oh no, not really.
Amber Romero: Sitting here.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, besides being locked out. Okay. Um, so do you think one will be home soon that can let you in.
Amber Romero: A hopeful.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, well, um, all right, well, yeah, we'll just try to get through as much as we can today.
LIsa Anderson: I will definitely will definitely plan to schedule like have our regular next Thursday at one. Um,
LIsa Anderson: But
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, we'll see how far we get today. And if your battery is still dwindling and dwindling we can try to
LIsa Anderson: Just be out for a week, we get. Does that sound good.
Amber Romero: Yeah, yeah. Having it right because my battery, really it's just
Amber Romero: A new phone, too. I've had it for like 60 days, but the battery.
Amber Romero: And
Amber Romero: all morning. So I can meet my lovely meeting with you.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, well thanks for still being able to make it today, despite everything, you had going on.
LIsa Anderson: So how has this past week been for you.
Amber Romero: To add
LIsa Anderson: In most time we were talking about you know that you were having some cravings coming up here and there, how, how has that been this past week for you.
Amber Romero: It's the same it um
Amber Romero: Well, actually, a little bit less. I've been sleeping better with that gabapentin like knocks me out, actually.
LIsa Anderson: Oh, good. Okay. All right. So you're so Dr home and gave you that for kind of sleep and anxiety.
LIsa Anderson: Kind of over
LIsa Anderson: So he gave you that to help with sleep and then that should also helped me be a little bit with the anxiety.
Amber Romero: Yeah, it does. Because I have
Amber Romero: Like the restless legs, my legs for at night, but I don't know, after I take that thing. I kind of just, like, that's all.
LIsa Anderson: Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, so they were hoping that was bothering you quite a bit when you were trying to sleep, but also during the day too. Right.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, okay. Um, but the Gabba Penton kind of helps just you get sleepy right away and you're able to go to sleep pretty quick.
Amber Romero: I think once they actually kicks in. They just like fall asleep.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, great. Oh, good one. I'm really glad to hear that.
LIsa Anderson: Because I know your sleep had been just kind of up and down and a little bit all over the
Place.
Amber Romero: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: So would you say you you've gotten
LIsa Anderson: More natural
Amber Romero: Yeah. For the past like three three nights.
LIsa Anderson: Good. Okay, so are you sleeping more more at night, then now.
Yeah.
LIsa Anderson: Great. Okay. And how, how many hours. Would you say you're able to sleep per night the past three nights.
Amber Romero: At least eight
LIsa Anderson: Wow. Well, that's a huge
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, it's definitely a huge improvement from where you were before. Oh, that's great. How, how do you feel physically since even on the Gabba Penton
Amber Romero: Is it supposed to
Amber Romero: Have like major side effects.
LIsa Anderson: No, not, not, not as far as side effects, just, I mean just, I guess, the fact that you've been sleeping better you feel better physically
Amber Romero: Yeah, I do.
LIsa Anderson: Yeah, I mean, emotionally, you know, I know we talked about last time. Just how
LIsa Anderson: Like how really poor sleep just affects everything like you're thinking your concentration, you know, higher
LIsa Anderson: Just emotionally things are
Harder.
LIsa Anderson: Things as well so
LIsa Anderson: Oh, good. Yeah, I'm really glad it's it's helping
Amber Romero: Yeah, meet you
LIsa Anderson: So, okay, good. How's your anxiety been this past week.
Amber Romero: Better
LIsa Anderson: Wow. Awesome. Okay.
LIsa Anderson: Great. Um, what would you say is it's it's just less over all or
LIsa Anderson: Amber, are you still there.
LIsa Anderson: Did I lose you.
LIsa Anderson: Okay, I'm going to just wait a minute for you. You cut out for a minute there.
LIsa Anderson: I don't know if you can still hear me.
LIsa Anderson: Oh, wait a minute here for you till
LIsa Anderson: You come back. But I think something cut out
LIsa Anderson: That was amber Romero
LIsa Anderson: She indicated that her phone was about to lose power because she had been locked out of her house so
LIsa Anderson: I think I might have just lost her I'm
LIsa Anderson: hoping she'll call back
LIsa Anderson: But
LIsa Anderson: I don't know. She just left the
LIsa Anderson: Session her phone might have died.